h1. GTD to CSV
 
This application converts GTD style events in text files to CSV so that it can be imported into programs like "Heap CRM":http://heap.wbpsystems.com and "Torch Project Management":http://torch.wbpsystems.com.
 
h2. Options:
 
|-s "&lt;File Path&gt;", --source="&lt;File Path&gt;"|File containing GTD events/tasks|
|-d "&lt;File Path&gt;", --destination="&lt;File Path&gt;"|Destination CSV|
 
h2. Example:
 
<pre>
./GTDtoCSV --source="myevents.txt" --destination="myevents.csv"
</pre>

h2. The Super Easy Way to Install (Macports)

You can install this application using MacPorts!  Type the following:

<pre>
sudo port -v selfupdate
sudo port install GTDtoCSV
</pre>

This method takes care of all dependancies and can manage updates for you.  For information on installing MacPorts, please visit "their site":http://www.macports.org/install.php.

h2. Installing:
 
Installing GTDtoCSV is pretty easy. Because Macs and Linux already include Python, all you need to do is download the GTDtoCSV source, decompress it, and move it wherever you want. Of course, if you use GTDtoCSV a lot you might want to "add your installation location to your PATH variable":http://kb.wbpsystems.com/index.php/article/setting-your-path-variable.
 
On Windows, you need to download "Python 2.x":http://www.python.org/download/ and install it before installing GTDtoCSV.  Or install the version of GTDtoCSV containing Python. 
 
h2. Download:
 
Windows (Zip file, Contains Python):"https://github.com/tazzben/GTDtoCSV/blob/master/dist/GTDtoCSV_dist.zip":https://github.com/tazzben/GTDtoCSV/blob/master/dist/GTDtoCSV_dist.zip?raw=true
Windows (Zip file): "https://github.com/tazzben/GTDtoCSV/blob/master/dist/GTDtoCSV.zip":https://github.com/tazzben/GTDtoCSV/blob/master/dist/GTDtoCSV.zip?raw=true
Mac/Linux/Etc (tar.gz file): "https://github.com/tazzben/GTDtoCSV/blob/master/dist/GTDtoCSV.tar.gz":https://github.com/tazzben/GTDtoCSV/blob/master/dist/GTDtoCSV.tar.gz?raw=true